Add a note that migrate command only covers migration from 4.3 to 5.0 (#3902)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/installation-and-upgrade/pages/container-deployment/suma/server-migration-suma.adoc

* To migrate a {productname} 4.3 Server to a container, you require a new machine with {sle-micro} {microversion} or {sles} {bci-suma} and [literal]``mgradm`` installed.

* An in-place migration from {productname} 4.3 to {productnumber} is not supported, regardless of whether the chosen host operating system is {sle-micro} {microversion} or {sles} {bci-suma}.

* Before migrating from {productname} 4.3 to {productnumber}, any existing traditional clients including the traditional proxies must be migrated to {salt}.
** For more information about migrating traditional {productname} 4.3 clients to {salt} clients, see https://documentation.suse.com/suma/4.3/en/suse-manager/client-configuration/contact-methods-migrate-traditional.html.

* Traditional contact protocol is no longer supported in {productname} 5.0 and later.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> This guide only covers the migration from {productname} 4.3 to {productnumber}. Migrating an existing {productname} {productnumber} instance to the same version while switching the host os from {sle-micro} {microversion} to {sles} {bci-suma}, or vice versa, is not handled by the [command]``mgradm migrate`` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide only covers the migration from {productname} 4.3 to {productnumber}.
Migrating an existing {productname} {productnumber} instance to the same version while switching the host operating system from {sle-micro} {microversion} to {sles} {bci-suma}, or vice versa, is not handled by the [command]``mgradm migrate`` command.
```
